The purpose of the research study is to conduct a series of tests, each emphasising a different group, and to understand which of these appeals was the most effective at getting guests to reuse their towels. 
The authors found that the appeals that point explicitly to reuse of towels by numerous other guests increase the towel reuse participation rates of guests who encounter such appeals. 
This suggests that guests are more willing to cooperate in reusing their towels when they learn that others are doing so too. 
The researchers notice a dramatic difference in participation. 
For example, the messages that appealed to guests to reuse towels to help the hotel reduce its rising expenses the towel-reuse participation rates were less than 16%. 
But when the researchers designed a message asking guests to cooperate with past guests who'd stayed in the same room, the participation rate was 49.3%. 
The authors argue that this noticeable increase in towel reuse rates resulted from the fact the appeal used in that case applied a specific social norm that created intense "feelings of affiliation" (Goldstein et al., 2007, p. 149) between fellow guests who've shared the same room. 
And if current guests learned that past guests had reused towels during their stays, then these current guests are highly likely to reuse their towels too. 
Getting guests to reuse towels may seem trivial. But, as Goldstein et al. (2007) note in their article's introduction, hotels recognize that reusing towels makes good business sense. 
It helps conserve precious environmental resources like water as well reduce energy and laundry costs. 
Many businesses have become increasingly aware of the need to conserve natural resources and energy. 
The hospitality industry is one such area where a proactive approach is necessary to address such environmental concerns emerging from hotel operations, particularly laundry management. 
The researchers recognize that an important source of success in such operations is to involve hotel guests to actively participate in reusing towels. 
Guest engagement in this way can result in direct benefits to environmental conservation as well lowering of hotel operational costs. 
Significantly, it also leads to greater consumer confidence in such hotels as they can see they're genuinely taking steps towards environmental conservation. 
The key issue that the authors resolve is to determine the various ways by which hotels can invite guests to reuse towels more frequently during their stays. 
One effective method they developed is to apply social norms. That is to apply the influence of social groups, and in this case, the pro-environmental behaviours of past guests to persuade present guests to reuse their towels. 
Goldstein et al. (2007) conclude that their results represent the first direct demonstration of social norms influencing hotel operations. 
While they acknowledge that their findings are geographically and culturally linked to Arizona, U.S.A., they're confident that future research could demonstrate similar findings in other locations as well as other areas of hotel operations and the hospitality industry. 
Descriptive norms illustrate the benefits and outcomes of the actions being asked upon. 
The example on the information card stated, "you can join your fellow guests in this program to help save the environment by reusing your towels during your stay." By using the description of others, it motivated the new guests to follow the previous guests' lead. 
This technique was most efficient as 44.1% of guests participated. 
A known characteristic of descriptive norms is that they act as cognitive shortcuts and increase behaviour; which this experiment has further supported. 
The norm of reciprocation refers to the influence to return a favour. 
On this information card, they stated they made a donation to sustainable charities in the name of the hotel and its guests. 
In return they asked the guests to reuse their towels to help recover their expenses. 
The hotel guests are obliged to reuse their towel to return a favour. 
It's been theorized that participation in physical sports can lead to more self control and efficacy, improving discipline, and thus improving performance in academic settings (Seow & Pan, 2014). 
Furthermore, a study by Buckley & Lee (2018) showcases various skills such as time management and teamwork that many university students obtained from participation in physical sports, highlighting the potential these skills have to be applied in professional settings. 
Although it's evident that participation in physical extracurricular activities (PECAs) is linked with the formation of skills, there is a lack of research done on the applicability of these skills in the long run, and whether these skills can apply to situations outside of PECAs. 
Moreover, some studies contradict the above findings, stating that PECAs can hinder academics due to increased loads of work on the student. 
However, these conclusions were mixed with some being inconclusive (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2010; Rasberry et al., 2011; Seow & Pan, 2014). 
These studies also did not take into account the potential skills learned when juggling extracurricular activities (ECAs) with academia. 
In order to tackle these gaps in literature, this paper will focus on the skills and habits developed by adolescence participation in PECAs, clarifying the effects PECAS may have on their current academic studies. 
Furthermore, this paper will take into account the skills formed, analyzing each skill, and ascertain how these skills could be applied in adulthood for a variety of situations. 
More importantly, this research aims to fill the gap in literature surrounding the transferability of these skills, and how these skills hold up as individuals grow into adulthood. 
By clarifying the previous mixed findings, this paper seeks to shed light on the vital importance of PECAs. 
Ultimately, the findings of this research will be used to inform parents and educational institutions, the importance of viewing academia through a holistic view, not just taking into account academic performance. 
By shedding light on the necessity of participation in PECAs, this paper contributes to the topic of adolescent development, emphasizing the role of physical sports and its role in shaping the mental and social skills of adolescence to help promote success in future professional settings, hopefully encouraging parents and educational institutions to encourage PECAs in the adolescent population. 
In order to clarify the discrepancies in the sources provided, this research paper will look at studies similar to Simpkins et al., (2020) on how habits formed during childhood affects academic studies in late adolescence and childhood. 
Additionally, the paper will reference studies like Forneris et al., (2014) that look at the skills and habits built through participation in PECAs. 
Most importantly, the paper will do a deep dive into literature from academic journals like "SageJournals" and "Taylor & Francis Online" to find out how habits and skills are formed, and whether the skills developed in adolescence carries over into adulthood. 
By connecting and forming new ideas surrounding the development and the persistence of these skills, new ideas can then be extrapolated to help formulate new discoveries on how such habits and skills can impact the roles individuals may take on in adulthood. 
In terms of this paper, PECAs would be considered a subset of ECAs, constituting a broad spectrum of physical extracurricular activities and sports that the user participates in whether it be under supervision, without guidance, or in a facilitated setting. 
For example, basketball, weightlifting, running, and many more would be considered as PECAs. 
In addition, in order for individuals to be classified as engaging in PECAs, they would have to dedicate enough time per week to advance and hone their physical skills in the activity they are engaging in. 
On a different topic, adolescence would constitute young children and adults between the ages of 5 to 25 years of age. 
Exploring the intersection of PECAs and academics reveals many narratives. 
Some papers in fact do find a positive correlation between PECAs and academic settings. 
A paper by Blomfield & Barber (2010) found that students who participated in ECAs had better school attendance rates due to commitments to their sports. 
In addition, They also found that these students who participated in facilitated PECAs had greater university aspirations due to their participation in school sports. 
They also noted the importance of relationships formed during participation in sports; that friends would encourage each other to do well in school and sports. 
Another paper by Silliker & Quirk (1997) strengthens these claims, stating that highschool participants of PECAs actually had higher GPAs when they practiced the sport the most than when they didn't. 
Moreover, it was similarly noted that class attendance was slightly better during the athletes in-seasons. 
Together, these papers highlight two things, that PECAs don't disrupt academics and can actually enhance academic performance. 
Despite these findings however, another narrative was presented by Maloney & McCormick (1993) stating that engagement by university students in sports was actually harmful for academics; that students who were athletes in highschool came into university with SAT scores 150 points lower than students who didn't participate in sports. 
The paper further strengthens their point by showing statistical evidence that highschool athletes graduated at a rate 10 percent lower than non athletes. 
Likewise, Rees & Sabia (2010) further fortified the claims above indicating that there is very little evidence that suggests a positive relationship between sports and academics. 
In fact they criticize the paper by Silliker & Quirk (1997) saying that their results were exaggerated due to unmeasured variables such as race, age, and type of PECA.
With this, we see that these findings are mixed; that the relationship between academics and PECAs is turbulent and remains complex. 
While some studies suggest a positive relationship, others say otherwise. 
Because of this, moving forward in this paper, it would be wise to assume that PECAs have absolutely no relationship with academic studies. 
Despite the mixed findings above, it is vital to keep in mind the variety of skills that can be built as students juggle their PECAs and academics. 
As pointed out by Buckley & Lee (2018), around 32% of their respondents who participated in ECAs found time to be one of their biggest concerns. 
This is mainly due to having to split up time between school, work, ECAs, family, and friends. 
As a result, the respondents had to figure out how to effectively manage their busy schedules by learning time management, prioritization, and organizational skills; applying it to their daily schedules. 
Furthermore, respondents who participated in teamwork based ECAs developed social, teamwork, as well as communication skills due to the collaborative nature of such ECAs. 
Resulting teamwork in these ECAs then gives individuals opportunities to take on leadership roles, thus developing their leadership skills. 
Likewise, many PECAs like basketball and weightlifting also develop many of the aforementioned skills since they too require dedicated time to improve the physical skills associated with these disciplines. 
For example, team sports like soccer and volleyball demand the need for effective communication among the coach, players, and team members resulting in the players and coaches honing their communication skills in an effort to achieve common goals (Akdagcik & Mamak, 2016). 
A paper by Hayden et al. (2015) also explains how ECAs help cultivate people's abilities to view the perspectives of others, and to sympathize with their teammates as well. 
Furthermore, these individuals are also exposed to a variety of emotions such as disappointment, and anger, which provides them valuable experiences in learning how to deal with and overcome these emotions. 
In addition to the skills mentioned above are also the development of cognitive skills, self esteem, confidence, and many more skills. 
As explained by Hayden et al. (2015), PECA participation cultivated social responsibility, moral development, emotional intelligence, and character development in participants. 
The author goes on to explain how the act of participating in PECAs is associated with fueling and maintaining one's motivation. 
Likewise, ECAs have also been found to directly improve one's self confidence by creating a sense of belonging within various environments such as the gym, club, or educational spaces (Buckley & Lee, 2018). 
Not only does sports participation improve self confidence, but self esteem as well. 
As pointed out by Akçakoyun (2018), it's apparent through their statistical analyses that high school students who participate in sports have higher self esteem than students who live sedentary lifestyles. 
Moreover, Tomprorowski et al. (2014) found that aerobic sports and exercise actually improved cognition in children, improving their memory and problem solving skills. 
The paper also strengthens some of the findings in the paragraph above, stating that children who engaged in physical sports improved their executive functioning skills such as, organization, prioritization, emotion regulation, task execution, and decision making skills. 
As explained in the paper, evidence shows that these skill formations likely stem from the various adaptations made by the brain such as changes in its neurons, increased brain blood flow, and creation of new brain cells, as a result of engaging in physical activities. 
Through this thorough literature review, we see that although there are no strong connections between improved academic performance and PECAs, the variety of skills which are developed through PECAs cannot be underlooked. 
Having explored the development of skills through PECAs, it's evident through the work of Tomprorowski et al. (2014), that these skills are not specific to PECAs only and can effectively be extended to different aspects of life. 
One such aspect would be in a professional setting. 
As Carnevale (2013) explains it "Self-esteem is at the core of many other skills required on the job" (p. 5), showcasing the broad impact these skills have beyond PECAs. 
As a result, the paper explains how employers view the self-esteem of their employees as a tool which helps them to be aware of their skills, and the impact they can have on others. 
Likewise, it's emphasized how employers also view interpersonal skills such as emotional intelligence and communication skills of vital importance when working in teams or interacting with customers. 
With emotional intelligence, employees will be able to better manage stress, criticism, and change in the workplace, helping employees recognize their limits, and to seek help from others when necessary. 
The author further explains the importance of cognitive skills which helps employees recognize and understand problems. Communication and teamwork skills can then be used by the employees to work together to implement solutions to solve these problems. The paper goes on to highlight the significance of leadership in businesses; that sometimes it may be necessary for an employee to take control of a situation and lead their team to achieve a common goal.
But as previously mentioned, PECA skills have broad applications. 
Outside of the workplace, they can be used to build relationships and can also complement parenting strategies. 
When it came to parenting, Kwon et al. (2012) indicated that for parents with children in toddlerhood, around 91% of mothers and 94% of fathers had either full time or part time employment. 
With this, it's inevitable that time pressure would become among the many problems parents would have to face. 
As explained in the paper, some parents faced issues with time management but were able to mitigate it by communicating with one another, splitting up parenting, work, and household chores. 
Futhermove, the paper explains how vital communication was for the parents; that it was necessary for effective communication with their toddlers. 
Emotion regulation also came into play as parents had to remain calm and patient, coping with their emotions while dealing with toddlers who in their current developmental stage, were naturally stubborn, emotional, and entitled. 
Above, we see some of the skills developed by PECAs mentioned, such as communication skills and emotion regulation skills. 
Just like how PECA skills can play a role in parenthood, they can also be used to help maintain romantic relationships. 
In a study by Epstein et al. (2013), the authors underlined the interconnectedness of communication skills and couples and how one's communication skills acted as the top predictor for satisfaction in a relationship. 
In fact, strengthening communication skills was one of the top priorities for couple therapists when working with couples. 
It's evident here that skills developed by PECAs have many applications in adulthood, including but not limited to professional, parental, and interpersonal settings. 
Although some skills that are essential to these settings aren't developed by PECAs, it would be short sighted to disregard the complementing aspects these skills can have in these situations. 
Knowing that skills can be developed by adolescents who participate in PECAs, we need to understand how and why these skills are able to form. 
First off, habits are described by Hufiendiek (2020) as manifestations from "a regular pattern of behavior, a social practice, or an everyday routine." (p. 4) which are formed by repeated actions of the same behavior in the past. 
Furthermore, the paper highlights that habits and skills are not independent and overlap with each other. 
In order to build complex skills like basketball, soccer, or weightlifting, you need to form a multitude of habits. 
For example, in basketball, not only would you need to form motor skill habits, but time management habits as well, like setting the alarm clock every night, drinking coffee every morning, and much more. 
The author also states that habits don't just encompass dispositional behaviors like nail biting but also includes active behaviors such as daily PECA engagement. 
So although habits and skills aren't the same behavioral descriptions, they are integral parts of each other that can easily shape skill development. 
In the context of this paper, this means that when individuals have enough repeated engagement in PECAs, they build habits like setting an alarm clock or writing down tasks. 
These habits then help build skills such as time management and cognition. 
It's the habits which help individuals ingrain these behaviors and skills into their daily lives which influences not just their PECA performances but their approach to challenges and other aspects of their lives as described in the previous segment. 
Understanding that PECA participation instills skills and habitual behaviors in participants, we need to understand how habits and skills hold up as individuals move from adolescence to adulthood. 
Although there is very limited literature on the long term persistence of general habits and skills from adolescence, a paper by Telama et al. (2005) states that PECAs during adolescence (ages 9-18) significantly increased the probability of participation in PECAs during adulthood. 
Remember, skills developed during PECAs don't only occur during adolescence but continues into adulthood; as described by Tomporowski et al. (2014), as long as individuals persisted and maintained engagement in their PECA regimens, they would continue to reap the benefits of increased cognitive control, processing, and abilities. 
Moreover, a paper by Gardner (2012) explains that because habitual behaviors are typically activated without thinking through cues, habit formations can be used to foster long term changes in behavior, in our case, utilization to promote consistency in PECA engagement. 
The author also adds that although the automaticity of habits can help with sticking to a certain behavior, it also makes these behaviors difficult to break. 
From the perspective of this research, this could mean that the habits built from PECAs are likely to last through childhood and into adulthood. 
Strengthening this claim, Hagger (2018) argues that although habits can be defined as specific behaviors and actions like lip biting which happen without effort, with regard to this paper, participation in PECAs can also be seen as a habit. 
For instance, take swimming, a common PECA, individuals not only need to develop the motorized habits of certain swimming styles, but they also need to form the habits of setting a time and location every few days to practice. 
So what's accentuated is that physical activities can be seen as behaviors comprising many different habits meaning that PECAs themselves can be seen as a habit. 
With this Hagger (2018) asserts that habit development can be used as a tool to help individuals to promote long term PECA participation which as previously mentioned maintain the habits and skills developed. 
In conclusion, this paper shows that participation in PECAs during adolescence can develop a multitude of skills such as time management, emotion regulation, prioritization, cognitive control, and many more. 
These skills would then be used by these participants in order to help juggle time between school, family, friends, and PECAs. 
However, although these skills would be applied to help manage their academics, there is no relationship between PECAs and increased academic performance. 
On a different note, these skills developed don't just disappear once someone reaches adulthood. 
Through the acts of engaging in PECAs which require repetitive execution of previously mentioned skills, habits are formed which require a lot of effort to break. 
As a result, participation in PECAs during adolescence promotes participation long into adulthood, cementing and fortifying these skills and habits further. 
Such skills not only helped individuals during adolescence, but would prove useful in adulthood, helping not only with their employability, but helping them manage potential future relationships and roles they may take on. 
In these instances emotional intelligence, teamwork, and organizational skills can be applied by the individual when taking on future roles such as parenting which could put strain on their emotional capacities and the limited time they might have. 
This research suggests that PECAs during adolescence are important for skill and habit development which helps individuals stay consistent with their PECA regiments long into the future. 
This as a result helps these skills and habits stick into adulthood which can then be utilized to help individuals more efficiently perform roles and tasks they may face. 
Through my research, I highly suggest that PECA regimens should be implemented by adolescence and young adults in schools and colleges, and that parents and educational institutions should advertise and encourage PECAs. 
It's important to note that this paper does not take into account race, gender, financial situation, mental illnesses, or location of residence, all of which are variables which can affect the final outcome of this paper. 
For future research, I would advise further analyses on the effect these variables could have on the formation and transferability of skills and habits in adolescence, and what implications this may have for their futures. 
Antonelli (2008), the design curator at New York's Museum of Modern Art, considers the hoodie to be an amazing object. 
In a short three-minute video, she narrates how this seemingly "humble masterpiece" of a garment has transformed from being an everyday object into one that is both culturally significant and symbolic. 
The craftily edited three-minute video uses evocative images and sounds to provide a three-part visual account of the hoodie as a historical and cultural icon. 
The first part introduces and explains the earliest recorded uses of cape-like garments with hoods attached. 
Antonelli (2008) insists that these "hoodies" – even if they were not called so back then – appeared throughout the ancient and medieval worlds of Europe, and quickly became a part of everyday life as well as legend and fantasy. 
In the second part of the video, Antonelli (2008) describes the birth and evolution to the modern hoodie, the familiar form we know and use to this day. 
Originally designed in the 1930s, within a century it's been rapidly and widely adopted by people from nearly all walks of life. 
However, it isn't just functional and fashionable. 
As Antonelli (2008) suggests in the final part of the video, the hoodie has also come to represent the presence of power as well as prejudice within contemporary society. 
She insists that the hoodie is amazing because it's so basic yet seemingly timeless, versatile, and symbolic. 
The population of commuters on college campuses continues to increase. 
According to a study called Time is the Enemy, only 25% of college students attend full-time and live on-campus. 
Three-quarters of U.S. college students, according to this report, have to juggle work, families and school and also commute to classes. 
Further, this report indicates that only a quarter of the students who attend part-time ultimately complete college, and students who are poor and/or students of color face additional barriers to completing their college educations. 
Bozic (2008) confirmed these results in his analysis of factors influencing the ability of students to complete their degree programs. 
Schools that have not been known for actively enrolling a significant amount of non- residential students are now recognizing that, whether they sought them out or not, the population of commuter students has increased at their universities and colleges. 
Results described above indicate that being a commuter may reduce the likelihood of completing a degree. 
Overall, a student's success is affected by what obligations and outside demands are influencing his or her chances for educational success or failure. 
Another factor, not specifically addressed, is related to where that student is living and how great a distance that student must cover in order to attend the university. 
If a relationship between a student's length of commute and his or her academic performance is found, then institutions can explore possible interventions or activities that would serve the needs of these commuter students. 
It is the goal of this study to assess whether distance from campus plays a role in student success, as described by overall grade point average (GPA). 
I am uncomfortable by procedural poetry because in my opinion it seems like a shortcut to writing poetry where you have to think about the words you use to add meaning to the poem. 
Especially with books that are 900 pages long and filled with procedural poetry, it really makes me wonder how much effort, meaning, and symbolism they put into each piece. 
This kind of poetry reminds me of modern art. 
One example being buckets of sand stacked on top of each other. 
It's really hard to pull meaning from sculptures like that, at the same time it also seems like something that lacks skill. 
Anyone can stack 20 buckets of sand on top of each other, in comparison anyone can take excerpts from thousands of documents and turn it into a 900 page book. 
My question is whether these kinds of poems are able to effectively convey the ideas that the author wants to convey. 
In my opinion this is one of the biggest limits of procedural poetry. 
Also procedural poetry seems to disrespect other pieces of work by using works that have a certain meaning and then molding that meaning into something else. 
I can't see any possibilities with this type of work. 
"The Best We Could Do" by Thi Bui is an in depth graphic memoir that explores the counter narratives of the Vietnam war. 
More specifically it tells the stories of hardship that Thi Bui and her family experienced during the Vietnam war and the detrimental effects it had on their families cultural identities. 
With this I would argue that this novel illustrates how cultural identities are shattered as a result of war. 
By showing how war creates individuals with conflicting identities, I believe Thi Bui effectively underlines the lasting consequences that violent conflicts have on one's identity. 
To start off I will argue about how the novel as a whole illustrates the theme through specific dialogue. 
The dialogue that occurs on page 33 helps explain the root cause for conflicting cultural identities which is something that Thi Bui herself struggles with. 
In this panel we are given two pieces of dialogue, one explaining from an American view that Thi Bui's parents are in a good position where they are "in good health and free to do as they please…" (33) and "where people their age run marathons" (33). 
In contrast, she also says that "in Vietnam they would be considered very old" (33) and how her parents quietly wished Thi Bui and her siblings would take better care of them. 
These two conflicting statements portray the cultural clash between Thi Bui's American and Vietnamese cultural identities. 
In addition, I would like to emphasize the part where Thi Bui says her parents "quietly wished" (33) that they'd be better taken care of. 
This clearly shows that Thi Bui's parents understand that it is normal in American culture to be independent even at an old age which is why her parents didn't speak up about Vietnamese culture and how the children typically take care of their parents as they grow old. 
Here, we see that Thi Bui's parents also share the same fate as her, struggling from cultural dissonance where their different cultural identities clash in ideology, all of which resulted when her parents fled Vietnam due to an ongoing war. 
The author further shows themes of cultural adaptation on page 67 where Thi Bui is illustrated in the first three panels adapting to American culture through learning "about America Mostly through books and TV and from what [her] sisters learned in school." (67) This shows her struggle of having to independently adapt to a new culture through second hand sources rather than through direct experience which makes adaptation into a different culture much more difficult for her. 
Furthermore, we are also shown a look of doubt on Bui's face when her sister says "I pledge allegiance to the flag… one nation, under GOD indivisible…" (67), suggesting Bui's conflicting emotions about her identity which make her hesitant to embrace american culture thus leading to a clash with her Vietnamese and American identities. 
The author expands upon themes of cultural dissonance on the same page when the author depicts acts of racism committed against Bui and her father where a man calls them "slur words" (67) telling them to "go back to where [they] came from." (67). 
This incident seen here undermines the statement of Bui's sister where she recites a pledge saying "one nation, under God indivisible…" (67). 
The clear use of irony here symbolizes the major differences between the American dream and the reality of American society, where refugees like Bui are often met with hostility rather than acceptance. 
Bui then explains how "there were reasons to not want to be anything OTHER." (67), which means this was just one instance of racial trauma which made her unwilling to embrace American culture and identity. 
This depicts another root cause for cultural dissonance, unwillingness to adapt perpetuated through racism and lack of support from the people of the culture they are trying to adjust to. 
This idea is supported by this claim from a paper on cultural dissonance that states: "Whether immigrants make significant contributions to their new societies or experience roadblocks preventing them from doing so will largely depend on how immigrants are viewed and treated by receiving communities" (Esses 2021). 
The paper presented here explains how the actions of people of a dominant culture can influence the difficulty of adaptation to their culture for refugees like Bui through the amount of discrimination and racism that they exhibit. 
This in turn leads to pent up frustration and stress that Bui's father Bo has to endure which only leads to more challenges of physical abuse and emotional abuse that are brought upon Bui and her siblings. 
Specifically, the author depicts Bo's coping mechanism for stress on page 72, where Bo can be seen smoking constantly even when his children are around. 
Here, the author expounds the theme of neglect; how Bo turns to an unhealthy way of stress release while neglecting his parental responsibilities by showing no care for the harm that his smoking habit has on his children. 
The symbol of smoke here acts as a metaphor for stress, and how he is under constant stress since he is constantly smoking. 
Especially on page 72, there is smoke in all six panels whether or not he is working, playing or physically abusing his children, showing the reader the perpetual stress that refugees like Bo are always under. 
Additionally, the author delivers themes of physical abuse and emotional instability on page 72 through the portrayal of Bo suddenly yelling "QUIET!" (72) and hitting Bui's brother for playing loudly in the background. 
The use of the singular word "QUIET!" (72) symbolizes Bo's communication challenges. 
Thus he resorts to expressing his emotions and thoughts through physical abuse as a straightforward way to communicate with his children. 
This evokes the reader to think about how Bo's anger is both unpredictable and violent which not only affects his children's well being, but it also causes his children to be less open to him. 
Moreover, this is supported when the author says "the problem was we never knew when his anger would strike" (72) which implies that this is not an isolated incident and how Bui and her siblings, like Bo, are now under constant stress and fear because of their unstable home environment. 
This instability is even more clear when we look at the emotions portrayed on page 72. 
We see Bo's restful face suddenly transition to the angry clacks of his keys. 
We see Bui's relaxed face and her brother's playful demeanor suddenly shift to a scared expression on Bui's face and Bo angrily hitting her brother. 
This sudden shift in emotional tone in each panel demonstrates to readers just how volatile Bo's mood and behavior was. 
This in turn leads to the idea of family alienation presented by Miralles, Godoy, and Hidalgo in a 2021 paper which states "a clinician can conclude with great certainty that alienation is present in a family if there are four factors" (Miralles, Godoy, and Hidalgo 2021) the most relevant factor being the "presence of behavioral manifestations of alienation in the child" (Miralles, Godoy, and Hidalgo 2021). 
We see these manifestations of alienation in Bui and her siblings as a defense response to the fear and distrust instilled into them because of the physical abuse they endured from Bo. 
All of this compels the reader to think about the difficulties that refugee families like Bui's often encounter, the stress of adapting to a new culture which can lead to trauma, familial instability and alienation. 
Trauma of which is compounded into future generations, creating intergenerational trauma which affects their identities and abilities to fully assimilate into American culture while maintaining a sense of their own. 
Continuing through the novel we see evidence of familial alienation between Bui's siblings and their father. 
Especially with Bui's little brother Tam on page 78 where it's mentioned in the top panel that "Tam developed the habit of hiding in the closet for HOURS-"(78). 
There, Tam is seen in a dark isolated closet with a face of discomfort as he "[holds] his bowel movements in trying not to mess his pants."(78) The scene depicted here symbolizes the amount of emotional neglect that Tam and likely his siblings face from their parents. 
It's clear here that he has already distanced himself from Bo and would rather deal with his stresses on his own by hiding in a closet rather than getting help from parental figures like his father and mother. 
This is further supported on the third panel where we see Bo, again smoking, illustrated with a shadow covering his body, symbolizing him as a detached father who fades into the background, unable to be approached by his family. 
This prompts the reader to think about Tam's cultural identity and how it's affected by emotional negligence from his parents because of their own struggles of trauma from the Vietnam war, and cultural dissonance. 
Another example of the theme of conflicting cultures is present on page 89 where Bui is depicted in a dream, swimming in her house filled with water. 
Here the author uses water to symbolize how Bui feels suffocated by the cultural expectations and societal ideals imposed by American culture. 
The water also represents Bui's desire for freedom, something which she can only find in her dreams. For example, on page 90, we see that in her dream the water only fills up the space in her home which allows Bui to swim freely in. 
Bui states "Though my world was small, I would sometimes dream of being free in it." (89). 
Her small world referencing her home, implying she does not feel accepted into American culture thus spending most of her time at home. 
However, she still didn't feel free in her home either because of the constant stress she faces from her family and environment. 
These two panels depicted here causes the reader to think about how refugees like Bui experience cultural dissonance, as she struggles to feel free because she lives in a society that doesn't respect her Vietnamese background in a home where her own parents don't provide emotional support. 
Overall, everything leads back to the main theme of this paper, cultural dissonance which was explored throughout The Best We Could Do by Thi Bui. 
How the physical abuse and neglect from Bo made it much harder for Bui to adjust to American culture while at the same time, negatively impacting her own cultural identity. 
All of which caused a lack of emotional connection between Bui's parents and their children. 
It has also looked at how the racism and discrimination Bui faced in America made her feel unwelcome, creating a sense of isolation for her. 
Bui's experience of cultural dissonance reflects the real world challenges and struggles that many refugees face today, as they deal with integration into another culture, while also dealing with the trauma of their past. 
The Best We Could Do serves not only as a voice for Bui in a society dominated by American ideals, but a voice for refugees like her as well. 
I chose to share multiple poems with my friend because the poems that I ended up submitting for my tiny book were the poems I put most of my time into and were the ones I was the most proud of. 
These poems also had personal connections to my hobbies and ideologies so I also wanted to see if my friend could tell what messages I was trying to convey through the four poems that I shared since we are quite close. 
I chose to use a website as a way to share my poems as a way to practice my coding skills. 
Also it allowed me more creative freedom, for example the self made animated vector art on the front page. 
Web design is also something that I enjoy doing, so I will definitely be updating my site and adding new features, art, and poems to it after finals. 
The website link is also easy to share with people. 
I imagine my poems will reach people who personally know me. 
I haven't shared this link on any social media sites, however it's still publicly available to be viewed by anyone who has the link. 
But in the future I hope that my friends and family will stumble upon this site when they search up my name on google since this site is hosted with my GitHub. 
I want them to read these poems because it's heavily inspired by the memories and emotions I've had with them. 
I noticed the large gaps that I put between each line. 
I did this because when I first put my poems in I read them so quickly I didn't feel much emotion. 
So by spacing out the lines a lot I'm able to control the readers reading pace making sure they really absorb what I'm trying to say. 
I also noticed the art that I used which can be related to some of the poems.My strengths for this craft is understanding how to code. 
I'm also okay at picking skill sets. 
For my tiny book however, the website took way too long for me to code. 
I usually just code websites when I have time. 
Socially, I like to share my website with friends. 
I'm also helping my friend develop another website so we can host a web based Secret Santa game. 
My crafting habits consist of googling things that I don't know how to do. 
It mainly consists of self learning. 
Emotionally, I can feel demotivated when I see really good websites created by people my age. 
I think about how behind I feel on web development giving me stress, anxiety and imposters syndrome. 
I definitely have room to grow on my behavior habits since I just code when I want to. 
It would be good for me to have a designated time to just focus on web development. 
My concrete actions would be to stop comparing my skill set to other people so I can continue to learn consistently. 
Socially I would like to share my site with more people. 
I can achieve this by entering future hackathons in the future. 
I would also join some web design and coding courses to help me with web development since currently I'm still stuck on some of the basics. 
For "In The Green" I revised it by both inviting chaos and handwriting. 
The chaos I invited in was from my memories where I linked my memories together. 
The memories that I rediscovered came from looking through old pictures and by using handwriting as well. 
I used handwriting as a way to help me link memories together in a cohesive way while still being chaotic. 
As seen in the poem you can see how I jump from biking to rain and back to biking again. 
I also kept some original elements from my original poem as I felt fit such as "Petrichol" and "timeless gaze". 
In the final poem I feel that it tells more of a story than the original poem since it uses more saying, using declarative statements such as "Together we listened to the secrets of leaves." I also added some inside jokes, some personality of myself into the poems.Mr. Thomas, or Tom Wilson, as he was familiarly called by all his friends and acquaintances, was the son of a gentleman, who once possessed a large landed property in the neighbourhood; but an extravagant and profligate expenditure of the income which he derived from a fine estate which had descended from father to son through many generations, had greatly reduced the circumstances of the elder Wilson. 
Still, his family held a certain rank and standing in their native county, of which his evil courses, bad as they were, could not wholly deprive them. 
The young people—and a very large family they made of sons and daughters, twelve in number—were objects of interest and commiseration to all who knew them, while the worthless father was justly held in contempt and detestation. 
Our hero was the youngest of the six sons; and from his childhood he was famous for his nothing-to-doishness. 
He was too indolent to engage heart and soul in the manly sports of his comrades; and he never thought it necessary to commence learning his lessons until the school had been in an hour. 
As he grew up to man's estate, he might be seen dawdling about in a black frock-coat, jean trousers, and white kid gloves, making lazy bows to the pretty girls of his acquaintance; or dressed in a green shooting-jacket, with a gun across his shoulder, sauntering down the wooded lanes, with a brown spaniel dodging at his heels, and looking as sleepy and indolent as his master. 
Poor Tom took this mistimed merriment in very good part, generally answering with a ghastly contortion which he meant for a smile, or, if he did trouble himself to find words, with, "Well, that's funny! 
What makes you laugh? 
While making this program, I used the work of myself, my sister, and open source books found online! 
I had to make another program in Java to parse the essays into sentences. 
This is so that the program would know where the sentences would start and end. 
The regex needed for this project was horrible. 
It required a lot of trial and error. 
Because a period could be in a word like the U.S and I would have to figure out how to ignore that period! 
That the angular form is one of the best adapted to composition, at least in landscape, is indisputable; the diagonal line dividing the whole into two halves, gives the largest space for the distribution of light and shade, as well as extent for the design. 
This story targets an audience of young adults and teenagers. 
It is a slice of life virtual reality experience focusing on a "coming-of-age" narrative. 
The story is set in a car with three characters, Max, Lucy, and Kallum. 
The user will see the story through the eyes of Max. 
This means the user will play sort of both an active yet passive role, where they are in the car with the characters interacting with the user. 
The user however, is not able to alter the story, but they are invited to feel and empathize with Max and the other characters throughout the story. 
This experience requires very simple VR technology ensuring access for a wide range of users no matter their location. 
You can use a google cardboard VR set which is affordable and widely available. 
A set of haptic headphones should also be used to further enhance the immersion in the story as you are provided with realistic sound feedback. 
This is a 360 degree video experience that can be found on the appstore and google play. 
This way the user can feel like they are in the car alongside the characters regardless of their device or location. 
This story is not set in any particular location. 
It is instead set in a generic minivan car on a road that leads to a destination. 
For the graphics I will use high quality poly models to provide more of a nostalgic feel to the story. 
So the characters will have low poly stylized character models, while the environment such as the car and the outside scenery will be of higher quality. 
The scenery of the story includes things you'd typically see out of a car window, for example, trees, birds, the sun, clouds, farms, cows, and many more things. 
The story will also take place during all hours of day as you go from one scene to another. 
This is what the interior of the car would look like. 
The scene opens up fading from an opaque black to the current scene in a car. 
Initially the user (Max) is facing forward sitting in the right seat next to the window in the back of the car. 
The user (Max) can look left and right, seeing their young friend Lucy in the middle seat next to them and their other friend Kallum on the left car seat next to Lucy. 
Kallum and Lucy look to be around 6-7 years old. 
After reading your poems I see that your theme is mainly centered on growing up and self discovery highlighting the growth that the speaker had gone through. 
I see that you are using varying line lengths in your poems to give a reflective tone. 
In addition the speaker's use of first person perspective adds a personal touch of reflection to the poems. I also like the imagery you used that evoked a strong sense of nostalgia in me. 
For example, the imagery of the clouds forming shapes on your third birthday and the dandelion seeds against your cheek creates a very nostalgic atmosphere. 
I think these poems really reflect on your journey of self discovery from childhood to adulthood putting focus on the events which shaped your identity. 
Personally, I find both these poems quite moving as they take the reader through the speaker's life encapsulating the emotions throughout. 
I think you really capt"When I was a Child" and "Letter to my Childhood Self" both explore my relationship with my childhood. 
"When I was a Child" compares the differences between adulthood and childhood, especially how the challenges and obstacles in my life have developed and changed but still feel just as stressful. 
Not just my challenges have changed, but also my mindset and my outlook on life. 
"Letter to my Childhood Self" is written as a letter of advice I would want to give my childhood self. 
The poem offers insight into what I value the most and what I believe are vital traits and values for a child to develop into a hardworking and valuable member of society. 
ured the shared journey that everyone experiences from childhood to adulthood. 
"Using Saying" and my "Statement and Variation" poems both explore my views and beliefs on interpersonal and societal relationships. 
"Using Saying" dives into how nowadays people are afraid to become close and take the risk of love and affection. 
There will always be a risk of heartbreak and loss, but sadly the possibility of heartbreak and loss outweighs the prospect of love and affection. 
I try to convey this message through "Using Saying". 
I want to write poems that most people can relate to and understand. 
I believe that when a reader truly connects and understands what the writer is trying to say, the greatest impact on the reader is made. 
Everyone has past memories and experiences that they think about and compare to their current situation. 
Hopefully my poems invoked a sense of nostalgia and reliability, causing my readers to reminisce about their own experiences and memories and explore how they felt and why their current mindset or worldview is the way it is, and what core moments have influenced them the greatest. 
Also, I wanted to write about something that I was knowledgeable in, and therefore decided to write about myself, including my beliefs, thoughts, emotions, values, advice, memories, experiences, identity, and development. 
With all these components shaping what I wrote about, it made sense to contrast my experiences, memories, and beliefs from the past to the present and try to tell a story into how I developed and was shaped by these experiences, memories, and beliefs. 
Hopefully thought and nostalgia was provoked and people found joy in reading these poems. Like the corpus callosum in the brain, game development is the bridge between my creative and logical sides. 
My passion for gaming sparked a burning interest towards computational programming and game design, where I could create a truly limitless world. 
I learned my first block-based programming language, Scratch, in 7th Grade, where I grasped the fundamentals of coding and game design through the implementation of logic statements. 
Despite my inexperience, the elation and gratification from completing a project only heightened my passion for programming, enrolling in advanced computer science and mathematics courses as I entered high school to further expand and refine my foundational skills. 
I tempered my skills in intensive coursework of object-oriented programming, dynamic data structures, and algorithm development and learned to master programming languages like Java and JavaScript through completing independent course projects. 
However, the scholastic curriculum wasn't enough to satisfy my curiosity and drive to improve my craft, and I pursued independent resources and online lectures to deepen my understanding of programming techniques, where I later extended my work to develop my own video games. 
To apply the concepts I had mastered, I created my first side-scrolling game, ‘Vegans vs Zombies,' with a custom motion-tracking and avoidance algorithm in JavaScript. 
My artistic side flourished as I designed and created my own animated sprites, environments, and game assets using GIMP and Photoshop. 
I moved on to create a custom 2D physics engine to simulate gravity and friction, as well as incorporate event-triggered sound design to my second Java project, UnderCube. 
Freedom is at the touch of one's fingertips, as computational programming unlocks the limitations of humankind. 
At the University of Texas, I'm eager to help, lead, discover and develop the machines and technologies that break the boundaries of what is possible. 
Collaboration and communication is integral to societal advancement, and my core values of compassion, altruism, and empathy echo through my involvement with my community. 
Volunteering as a summer camp leader with the Mustard Seed strengthened my communication and leadership skills. 
I supervised youth and directed program activities, including coordinating field trips and special events with fellow staff and parents. 
Working with children from a diversity of backgrounds, transformed me into a mature, kind, and responsible leader. 
Moreover, I worked as a volunteer at Winsport, where I facilitated admissions stands, supervised children, and coordinated activity tables at the Christmasville holiday event, where I developed essential skills in conflict-resolution, adaptability, and the ability to work under pressure to collaborate with other volunteers to ensure a smooth event. 
Volunteering with youth inspires my interest in teaching and education, where I love sharing my passion for computer science to tutor others and assist in resolving issues in others' coding projects. 
The process of reading through code, debugging, and teaching others how to optimize their programs is both personally and intellectually rewarding, as it vitalizes my spirit for being both a learner and a teacher. 
In the future, I'm thrilled to join UT's collaborative culture of scientists, researchers, and educators, where I'm eager to engage in meaningful and insightful conversations with my peers both inside and outside the classroom. 
Especially, the POD program invigorates my enthusiasm for collaborative thinking and student-led education, where I hope to integrate my passion for learning into the diverse fabric of minds at UT. 
Like delicate threads woven together to create sturdy rope, so too are sciences intertwined. 
Technology and innovation is inherently interdisciplinary: drawing inspiration from fields of math, chemistry, physics, biology, and computing science rely on each other to strengthen our understanding of the world we live in. 
Especially, the onset of the pandemic has created drastic changes in individuals' muscle coordination and reflexive memory skills, as the neural circuits continue to degrade with decreased use and lack of physical activity. 
With a desire to contribute to the programming community and apply my expertise in software development, I created a finger dexterity and muscle memory training program, KeyDex. 
This Java-based program was designed to help rehabilitate individuals who may have lost muscle memory or motor function due to an injury, and KeyDex would act as a tool to develop those necessary finger movements once again. 
Moreover, the program reflected another profound aim, one which provided individuals with not just the finger dexterity for daily tasks, but also the skills required to train and navigate our fast-paced technological world. 
After an extensive 60 hours of rigorous testing and debugging, I completed the program. 
I shared my creation with the world on GitHub, in hopes that someone may one day stumble upon my open source program, forever changing the way they type. 
As I continue to hone my programming skills, I recognize the importance of transforming small dreams into big ideas. 
I'm passionate about accessibility of knowledge and open source programming, as it is emblematic of the collaborative efforts and education needed to innovate for the world. 
Through my education at UT, I'm eager to further build upon my programming skills to develop programs to transform the ways in which individuals interface with the world. 
The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic created difficulties in navigating abrupt changes to academic routine. 
With the social component of academia absent, it was challenging to receive the peer tutoring and connect with the student support network needed to gain a deeper sense of knowledge of the courses I took. 
As an outgoing and enthusiastic individual who is passionate about learning, tutoring others was beneficial to both others and myself, where I used the opportunity to solidify the ideas I learned. 
In-person instruction allowed us to collaborate to hone our communication skills. 
I struggled with the feelings of isolation resulting in difficulties in concentrating on schoolwork. 
To mitigate this, I took the initiative to develop a virtual study space to host and direct study sessions and to reconnect others' who may also be suffering from the effects of chronic isolation, finally breaking the barriers of loneliness. 
Developing skills of resilience through adversity was a transformative part of my lockdown experience, as I was able to adapt to the new learning environment and fostered essential communication with my teachers and peers. 
Although the pandemic had limited my scholastic learning, it provided me an opportunity to strengthen my extracurricular skills in programming and classical music. 
Undoubtedly, I emerge from this experience with renewed determination, perseverance, and positivity, where I step into the future to utilize my passion and interest in computing to continue to innovate and connect society. 
The connectome of humanity is powered by circuits and technology. 
As I entered high school, my few days of enjoying the blue skies were immediately replaced by blue screens as a result of the pandemic, becoming a nocturnal night owl wrapped in my nest of blankets. 
In the day, I slumped over on my desk, opening up Google docs and letting the rhythmic clicks of the keyboard fill the air as I worked through my daily monotony of classes. 
I was trapped in an infinite "for-loop" of studying and sleeping as the days blended together. 
I craved a sense of unity, searching for a way to connect with the world in an era of disconnect. 
In the digital age, social media is the foundational circuitry of society. 
It was unfathomable how many youth were similarly struggling with isolation-driven depression, anxiety, and academic difficulty, as the severity of the mental health crises rose over the nation. 
Especially, the need for educational support is even more essential to students during the pandemic, where financial instability, mental health concerns, and physical restrictions already impair learning. 
I grew indignant at the lack of student support that was offered in my school community, as both staff and students struggled to adjust to a new mode of living. 
In order to mitigate the feelings of isolation many youth experienced throughout quarantine, I created a virtual study space organization through custom-coded scripts hosted on a Discord Server. 
As the membership grew, I created specific channels to provide structural organization to the group, directing and facilitating rooms for independent studying, tutoring, sharing of creative works, networking, and casual conversations. 
Being able to facilitate and manage a self-guided community instilled me with essential skills in leadership, organization, and communication. 
My passion for computer science inspired me to implement extensions and plugins to the platform through music, special effects, or aesthetic changes. 
As the community blossomed, I gained great insight and resilience towards adversity, realizing that taking the initiative to foster human connection and a network of mutual support was ultimately the key to creating meaningful impact in society. 
The supportive community of students spanned across the globe, utilizing online platforms to break barriers in communication. 
The world was just a keystroke away, and I'm evermore determined to create diverse connections with the world through technology. 
Gaining momentum, my fascination with the ways in which technology could connect the world intersected with my passion for gaming and video game development. 
As our virtual community grew, we connected with each other through gaming, and I realized that despite its reputation among older generations, it was impossible to ignore the profound impacts on sociality and contributions on fostering human connections that this simple joy can have. 
Game development has been my devoted passion since childhood, now returning to bring others the same happiness. 
In tandem with my computer science courses, I began to hone my skills in software and video game development by implementing custom Java and Javascript algorithms to develop 3 platformer games over quarantine to share with my community in hopes of bridging the gaps of connections through my personal passion. 
Most importantly, game development has tethered me to my artistic spirit. 
As a star-struck teen inspired by the vibrant and fantastical artworks on Instagram, my desire to make immersive and mystical art blossomed through my isolation. 
In order to develop fundamental skills in contemporary artistic interfaces, I participated in online design workshops and self-taught skills in Adobe Photoshop, Sketchbook, and GIMP, mastering essential technical skills in character and concept design. 
Furthermore, I was interested in using 3-D modeling to bring my ideas to life, working through tutorials and becoming well-versed in using Blender and Autocad to create open-source object assets and environmental features. 
I incorporate my pervasive love for graphic design and animation into creating custom character sprites and environmental backgrounds for each of my game development projects. 
The pervasive feelings of numbness and apathy slowly disappeared as my world was saturated by vibrant hues of colors. 
My experiences have shaped me into a creative, mature, and hard-working individual with a strong work ethic. 
As I pursue a future in computer science, I hope to share my passion for connecting society through innovation and invention in technological systems. This story is about two very close friends George and Lennie, dreaming about owning a ranch together. 
Until one day, they gain a new friend named Candy, who worked on the same farm they did. 
Candy had some extra money saved and had a missing hand. 
Because Candy had a missing hand, he was treated poorly on the farm. 
Together Candy, Lennie and George soon realized that their dreams of owning a ranch could actually become reality if they all pooled their money together. 
All three of them living on a ranch together seemed too good to be true. 
And indeed it was, because later on in the story, Lennie got into trouble at the farm they worked at. 
Lennie had touched the hair of a woman working on the farm which lead to conflict between Lennie and workers on the farm. 
This caused Lennie to flee the farm, and caused other workers on the farm to hunt Lennie down. 
Now the workers believe that George helped Lennie with his horrid act. 
So, George now has to help the workers find Lennie and kill him so that the workers know he didn't help Lennie commit his horrendous act. 
However, George must get to Lennie first to kill him or else the other workers will kill him in a torturous way. 
So the protagonist of the story is Lennie, a 33-year-old man who travels with his friend George everywhere he goes. 
George made a promise to protect Lennie. 
While Lennie has a dream of starting a ranch with George and wants to tend rabbits. 
Though Lennie is 33 he has trouble recalling past events and basically has the mentality of a child while being stuck inside a strong 33-year-old man's body. 
He is also a migrant worker and likes to touch soft things as he is pleased whenever he receives the silky smooth feel of an item. 
The antagonist of the story would be George. 
His age is somewhere between his late 20's and his early 30's. 
He is a migrant worker and is friends with Lennie whom he promised that he'd protect. 
Ever since Lennie's aunt died, Lennie just started following George everywhere he went, as he knew he would be protected and safe by his side. 
George cares for Lennie a lot and would do anything for him. 
The point of view of this story is Third person omniscient and objective 
This story has a gloomy mood, thanks to the year it takes place in, and also because of the situations the main characters in the story had to go through. 
In the story Candy, a handicapped old man symbolizes that those who are weak, old or handicapped are usually forgotten and thrown to the ground in society. 
Lennie's character also helps support this statement as he has a mental disability and probably wouldn't have made it this far in life without the help of George. 
Another example of symbolism in this story would be the mice presented in this story. 
Throughout the story, Lennie is always petting these creatures because they were soft. 
However, he always ends up killing the vulnerable mice. 
Because of this the mice soon become a false hope for Lennie. 
The mice in the story represent the cruel fate of destiny. 
And like mice, this can also happen to humans. 
Certain actions brought on by people can change someone's life drastically. 
For example in the story when Lennie made one major mistake, it changed George's, Candy's and all the workers on the farm lives forever. 
One of my favorite passages from the story is "If them other guys gets in jail they can rot for all anybody gives a damn. 
But not us." Lennie replies "But not us!" Because … because I got you to look after me, and you got me to look after you, and that's why." I enjoy this passage as it helps the reader understand the strong friendship that Lennie and George have. 
This also helps to make certain passages in the book more emotional for the reader. 
It helps symbolize how far their friendship as migrant workers have come, always helping each other to stay out of trouble. 
Most migrant workers don't have friends as they leave friends and family behind to find money. 
But really this will fill them with loneliness, and they'll never find true happiness. 
I would recommend this story to my mom because she enjoys sad stories, she is always able to find a time of serenity in the passages of these sad stories. 
I enjoyed the book as it has a strong emotional effect on the reader. 
The author was able to make the reader attached to the characters of the book. 
I also liked the book as it was suspenseful and painted pictures in my mind. 
I believe that others should read this book as it explores the flaws of society back then during the early and late 1900's, in which many of these flaws are still present in today's society. 
The story also has a very interesting plot, and the characters have unique personalities. 
The plot isn't too complex and it's easy to understand. 
If you liked gloomy books such as the "Book Thief" or "The Cay" then this book would definitely be for you. 
Though it does have a gloomy mood, there are enjoyable mellow moods that the reader is able to experience throughout the book. 
The theme of the story is that humans need each other to survive. 
In the story, Lennie would not have a future if he didn't have George, and George wouldn't have a goal in life if it weren't for Lennie. 
Throughout the story, many characters have profound feelings of loneliness. 
The book also teaches the importance of companionship, you mustn't leave friends or family behind, without them you would be nothing, bringing us back to the fact that humans need each other to survive. 
I woke up, my greasy hair slicked to the side, and with a single sweep of the arm I opened the curtains to reveal a violet purple sky, shining into the stark depths of my room. 
Yet something was missing, though the sky was a beautiful presence, it was somehow dull. 
But I pushed that thought aside and continued on with my daily routine. 
Sitting at a table I ate my soggy, bland, clumped up cereal and walked back up into my room where I began to take note, the feeling of dissatisfaction and guilt which propagated through my mind. 
And Like waves generated from a drop of water, so too did my feeling oscillate, switching from calm to irritated states of mind. 
Why? 
Why was I feeling such guilt? 
Why was I lost? 
Suddenly, a ring echoed throughout the thin brown walls of my room, a sound I haven't heard in months. 
At the doorstep, familiar silhouettes were casted as the light shone through the warped glass stained windows. 
Creaking, I opened the door to see my friends staring at me like dogs. 
I gawked at them, tense, yet relieved, I haven't seen them in a while, and my overexaggerated worries of Covid-19 were still flooding my mind. 
Despite this, I swept those thoughts aside, with great excited strides fuelled by high fructose teenage foods, I pushed my bike out of the garage. 
Standing there with dirt coagulated on its shimmering gears and deflated tires, I hopped on the leathery seat jubilantly and I pedaled with the force of a thousand waves, just enough to overcome its tires' increased friction. 
Wind brushed alongside my face, making its way between my moist mask and filling my nostrils with the smell of petrichor. 
We made it past the hump of smooth road right in front of my house. 
Blessed with the forces of the earth, we let gravity propel us forward as water from last night's rainfall splattered our backs, melting away the mud on our bikes. 
With towering trees surrounding us providing us with a minty pine smell, we sat at a bench, splintered by the constant chewing of the elements. 
Taking in the breeze, we began to talk about our home endeavors. 
My friends talked about all sorts of activities to keep them occupied, computing science, piano, and art. 
They had taken up hobbies during the lockdown, while I had just slouched over in my stiff bedroom chair browsing the internet. 
Finally they asked me about what I had done during the lockdown. 
Fumbling my words, I tried to create a lie so as to not bring shame to myself, but it was no use. 
Lies would simply deepen my sense of regret and guilt of not taking advantage of the precious time gifted to me. 
With a disappointing tone, my voice cracked as I told them about the poor use I made of my time. 
I realized how low I had dropped, how unfulfilled I was. 
And it was this, whetted by a question one of my friends asked me which finally led me to realize why there was a gaping hole in my heart. 
"Are your parents not disappointed in you!" Reflecting hard on the past couple of months, I realized how far I had dragged myself away from my family and friends, isolating myself in an illusionary prison of iron bars. 
Awkwardly ignoring his question, we headed up to a local gas station to fuel ourselves up with slurpees which shimmering ice crystals slowly melted away in the sun. 
Our meetup came to an end, and as my friends headed back home, I headed back home too, content that I had ended my isolation, yet irritated by my feeling of self-reproach. 
When I got home, I sat in my chair, recalling the meetup I had with my friends. 
However, as my thoughts settled, I was overwhelmed with sadness, too dejected to make any changes to my current unproductive routine. 
Luckily, the summer was coming to a close, and a month later I was standing in front of the concrete steps of Ernest Manning. 
Entering the building, I coated my hands in a thick slimy sanitizer which stung my nose with a stench of rotten garbage. 
The crowd bustled around me, shoulders brushing past mine. 
With a surprising amount of noses peeping above the sky blue surgery masks, soon Jason Kenny announced that we would be locked up and isolated from any social interaction once again. 
That day eventually came, and I was in my chair once again, with feelings of guilt, regret, self-reproach and sadness flooding my head. 
Already, I was overwhelmed with these feelings. 
Where would I be a month from now if I let these feelings run loose? 
Contemplating deeply, I made a decision to pick up a new hobby. 
And just like how a deadly forest fire creates life, I used these negative feelings as motivation to finally fill the gap in my heart. 
I woke up, my greasy hair slicked to the side, and with a single sweep of the arm I opened the curtains to reveal a violet purple sky, shining alluringly into the stark depths of my room. 
The sky was a beautiful presence, waking me from my perpetual drowsiness. 
Sitting at a table I ate my soggy, bland, clumped up cereal and walked back up into my room where I pulled out a piece of paper. 
And with unified motions of my hand, wrist, and shoulders, I let my hand dance across the sheet. 
Slowly, the lines merged together, revealing a portrait of a woman, a violet in her hand. 
The vast majority of Canadians are proud to be part of their nation, feeling a strong sense of nationalism for the country that they live in; however, it was not always this way. 
In Canada's brief but rich history there have been many moments of national pride and accomplishment, but one stands above all. 
The battle of Vimy Ridge had a colossal impact on the formation of the completely sovereign country that is Canada, and I believe that it was the stepping stone that the country needed to become an adult nation, and symbolizes Canada's nationalism. 
Vimy Ridge illustrated that when working together, Canadians could achieve and even surpass what other major European nations had done, which bred the idea of Canada as a self-supportive nation. 
Both France and Britain had attempted unsuccessfully to pry Vimy Ridge from the cold iron hands of Germany, facing immense casualties, many of which were fatal and weakened their respective armies. 
After these attempts, Canada was assigned the job of taking the ridge, and to the surprise of France and Britain they successfully did what Europe had tried to do and failed. 
This bolstered Canadian nationalism, and showed that the four very diverse Canadian military divisions who originated across all of Canada could come together and achieve something great, whether their background be anglophone or francophone. 
This great diversity meant that when the troops from Vimy Ridge returned, the story of the battle spread insanely fast and was picked up by the media nearly instantly. 
The superb battle plans, tactics, and feats of engineering accomplished by the Canadians demonstrated to both themselves and the rest of the world that they had become a force to reckon with. 
The calculated artillery strikes accompanied with the well timed infantry worked as a well-oiled machine, with every soldier learning the correct speed and position of attack. 
Every Canadian soldier fighting in sync with one another strengthened their bond and impressed France, Britain, and their home country of Canada. 
The recognition and media coverage that Vimy Ridge received allowed Canada to grow it's nationalism and set a place for itself on the global stage. 
As stated previously, the fact that the Canadian forces were from a variety of backgrounds made it so the media picked up the story of Vimy Ridge rapidly, spreading further and more rapidly across the country and worldwide. 
If the media had not taken interest in the affair, the battle of Vimy Ridge would have most likely not been such a powerful nationalizing force on Canada. 
Radios and other such technologies granted the ability to communicate quickly and effectively across large distances; in turn, these technologies were used to communicate the success attained by their nation of Canada. 
The francophones and anglophones of Canada had bonded as a result of the battle, which contributed greatly towards both side's nationalism, but especially the francophones. 
The newly recognized prowess of Canada set the stage for 1919 when the league of nations was formed, setting into place the event of actions that led to Canada attaining full sovereignty. 
Francophone and anglophone tensions were eased by this battle, creating a greater sense of unity between them, leading both groups to see Vimy Ridge as a great success for Canada as a nation. 
Throughout history, Canada has been known for its diversity, and even more prominently the cultures that originally created Canada: francophones and anglophones. 
These two groups clashed in Canada's early history, each of them coming from vastly different backgrounds (France and Britain respectively). 
The conflicting backgrounds acted as a barrier to Canada's nationalizing, with each group still partially loyal to their mother countries. 
Francophone-Canadian and anglophone-Canadian troops were both sent to Vimy Ridge, where they strategized, dug, and fought together all under the title of Canadians. 
When the news spread of the achievement of the soldiers who fought there, the francophones and anglophones began to see each other more as part of the same nation rather than foreigners from different backgrounds. 
After WWI ended, this idea of unification as Canadian peoples persisted, and led to Canada's eventual sovereignty. 
Although much was sacrificed at Vimy Ridge, it provided the opportunity Canada needed to launch itself on the journey to becoming a full nation-state, and fostered the sense of nationalism in the country. 
Francophones and anglophones worked together to push the Germans away and in the process gained recognition internationally through the media. 
The events that transpired at Vimy Ridge were heavy with loss, but supplied the chance that Canada needed to come together as a nation and prove itself. 
My software will be designed to help the user create their own platformer game. 
The user will be provided with a clean, visually appealing interface that is both easy to use and understand. 
Most of the time, when someone creates a platformer game, they will try to code it up. 
This is both frustrating and time consuming because most of the time, they will be stuck trying to fix a bug they cannot find. 
Also, they would have to code up the graphics on screen which may lead to trial and error in order to make an object appear on screen right where they want it. 
My software will solve these problems by providing a screen where they can drag and drop a wide array of objects right where they want to. 
Some of these objects would include tiles, enemies, traps, respawn points and much more. 
The user will also be given the ability to modify the properties, shapes and sizes of these objects ensuring that they have full control over their game. 
Tools will be provided to the user in order to help them manage sound effects as well. 
There will be drop down menus as well showing the properties of an object. 
They will be given the ability to import images into the game so that they can create a game with an art style that appeals to them. 
They can create multiple games and store them on a text file anywhere they want on their computer. 